The most important things that you can put on a resume are, number one
how you worked as a team concerning the job that is being applied for. So
for instance if I was applying to be a mechanic on a submarine,
then I'd have to look at my past and say okay well what things are
associated with the submarine, right, and then that I did in my past
life, and then how did I work as a team to make that project better.
So maybe you were a car mechanic before and you're trying to apply
for this mechanical job, then you're gonna talk about the other teammates
on your car engineer team that you talk to, that you provided
support to, that you supervised, and obviously the dates so that
they can see that you have a big range of experience with that.